Warning: These folders contain lyrics that do not have matching vocal note events, and have fallen back to non validated parsing.
This warning has no effect on charts currently, but they will not work properly in the future when/if vocals support is pursued.
c:\clone_hero\clone hero_data\streamingassets\songs\no known suspects.sng
c:\clone_hero\clone hero_data\streamingassets\songs\troopers of the stars.sng
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\zz top - sharp dressed man (live)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\zz top - gimme all your lovin'
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\wolfmother - dimension
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\wolfmother - cosmic egg
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\wolfmother - back round
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - you really got me
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - unchained
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - somebody get me a doctor
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - so this is love
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - runnin_ with the devil
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - romeo delight
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - panama
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - mean street
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - loss of control
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - jump
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - jamie_s cryin_
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - i_m the one
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - intruder (oh) pretty woman
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - ice cream man
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - hot for teacher
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - hear about it later
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - hang _em high
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - feel your love tonight
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - everybody wants some!!
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - dance the night away
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - beautiful girls
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - atomic punk
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - and the cradle will rock
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\van halen - ain_t talkin_ _bout love
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\twisted sister - we're not gonna take it
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\twisted sister - i wanna rock
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\the rolling stones - under my thumb (live)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\the rolling stones - sympathy for the devil
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\the rolling stones - stray cat blues
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\the rolling stones - prodigal son (live)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\the rolling stones - i'm free (live)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\the rolling stones - honky tonk women
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\the rolling stones - (i can't get no) satisfaction (live)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\the police - demolition man (live)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\suicidal tendencies - war inside my head
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\soundgarden - my wave
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\pantera - i'm broken
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\pantera - cowboys from hell
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\ozzy osbourne - bark at the moon
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\nirvana - negative creep
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\nirvana - lithium (live)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\mötley crüe - looks that kill
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\mötley crüe - girls girls girls
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\muse - uprising
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\muse - supermassive black hole
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\muse - resistance
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\motörhead - overkill
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\motörhead - love me like a reptile
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\motörhead - jailbait
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\motörhead - ace of spades
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - whiplash
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - wherever i may roam
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - welcome home (sanitarium)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - the shortest straw
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - the memory remains
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - seek and destroy
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - sad but true
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - nothing else matters
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - no leaf clover
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - mercyful fate
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - master of puppets
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - king nothing
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - hit the lights
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - fuel
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - frantic
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - fight fire with fire
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - disposable heroes
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - creeping death
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - all nightmare long
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\megadeth - this day we fight!
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\megadeth - peace sells
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\megadeth - holy wars... the punishment due
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\megadeth - hangar 18
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\led zeppelin - the song remains the same [guitarzero132]
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\korn - freak on a leash
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\kiss - rock and roll all nite
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\kiss - modern day delilah
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\kiss - lick it up
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\kiss - i was made for lovin' you
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\judas priest - painkiller
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\judas priest - hell bent for leather
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\judas priest - electric eye
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\diamond head - am i evil
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\deep purple - woman from tokyo ('99 remix)
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\danzig - mother
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\alice cooper - welcome to my nightmare
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\alice cooper - school's out
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\alice cooper - no more mr. nice guy
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\alice cooper - elected
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\aerosmith - rag doll
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\aerosmith - love in an elevator
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\aerosmith - livin' on the edge
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\aerosmith - cryin'

ERROR: These folders either have no valid metadata file (song.ini), or the metadata does not include a valid song name!
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - some kind of monster\1x bass pedal
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - hate train\1x bass pedal
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - dirty window\1x bass pedal
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\megadeth - sweating bullets\1x bass pedal

ERROR: These folders contain charts that another song has (duplicate charts)!
c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - bleeding me (multitrack) (c:\clone_hero\playerdata\songs\01-favourites\metallica - bleeding me)

